mg master 1195 add OSPdO content incl 3 new modules (#461)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_deploying-the-overcloud-for-director-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="deploying-the-overcloud-for-director-operator_{context}"]
= Deploying the overcloud for director Operator

Deploy or update the overcloud with the required environment files so that data is collected and transmitted to {Project} ({ProjectShort}) .

.Procedure

. Login to your {OpenShift} environment and change to the project that hosts your {OpenStack} ({OpenStackShort}) deployment.

. Open the `OpenStackConfigGenerator` custom resource for editing:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap",subs="verbatim"]
----
$ oc edit OpenStackConfigGenerator
----

> . Add the `metrics/ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml` and `metrics/qdr-edge-only.yaml` environment files as values for the `heatEnvs` parameter, save your edits and close the `OpenStackConfigGenerator` custom resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the `metrics/ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml` and `metrics/qdr-edge-only.yaml` environment files as values for the `heatEnvs` parameter. Save your edits, and close the `OpenStackConfigGenerator` custom resource:
```

I added a colon at the end as well, but the NOTE admonition gets in the way. Would it make sense to move it down past the example?

[NOTE]
If you already deployed a {OpenStack} environment using director Operator, you must delete the existing `OpenStackConfigGenerator` and create a new object with the full configuration in order to re-generate the `OpenStackConfigVersion`.

+
.OpenStackConfigGenerator
[source,yaml,options="nowrap"]
----
apiVersion: osp-director.openstack.org/v1beta1
kind: OpenStackConfigGenerator
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: openstack
spec:
  heatEnvConfigMap: heat-env-config-deploy
  heatEnvs:
  - <existing_environment_file_references>
  - metrics/ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml
  - metrics/qdr-edge-only.yaml
----

. If you already deployed a {OpenStack} environment using director Operator and generated a new `OpenStackConfigVersion`, edit the `OpenStackDeploy` object of your deployment, and set the value of `spec.configVersion` to the new `OpenStackConfigVersion` in order to update the overcloud deployment.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * For more information about getting the latest `OpenStackConfigVersion`, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/rhosp_director_operator_for_openshift_container_platform/assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator_rhosp-director-operator#proc_obtain-the-latest-openstackconfigversion.adoc_assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator[Obtain the latest OpenStackConfigVersion]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For more information about getting the latest `OpenStackConfigVersion`, see link:{defaultURL}/rhosp_director_operator_for_openshift_container_platform/assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator_rhosp-director-operator#proc_obtain-the-latest-openstackconfigversion.adoc_assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator[Obtain the latest OpenStackConfigVersion]
```

> * For more information about applying the overcloud configuration with director Operator, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/rhosp_director_operator_for_openshift_container_platform/assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator_rhosp-director-operator#proc_applying-overcloud-configuration-with-the-director-operator_assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator[Applying overcloud configuration with the director Operator]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For more information about applying the overcloud configuration with director Operator, see link:{defaultURL}/rhosp_director_operator_for_openshift_container_platform/assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator_rhosp-director-operator#proc_applying-overcloud-configuration-with-the-director-operator_assembly_configuring-overcloud-software-with-the-director-operator[Applying overcloud configuration with the director Operator]
```
